explicitly state the scope of guidance provided (#77)
intarchboard/draft-iab-rfc4053bis: draft-iab-rfc4053bis.md

This document describes the procedure for generating and handling
liaison statements within the IETF, covering both statements sent by

> the IETF as well as statement received from other Standards Development Organizations (SDOs). 

Author: ```suggestion
the IETF as well as statement received from other Standards Development Organizations (SDOs).
```

Particularly, it provides guidance to and defines requirements for IETF working group chairs,
area directors, or other IETF participants when generating and handling liaison statements regarding

> the required content, needed approval, and consensus level of statements sent from the IETF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the required content, needed approvals, and indicating the consensus level of statements sent from the IETF.
```
